What is the HTTP?

	1. Hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP) is the foundation of the world wide web.
	2. It's used Hypertext transfer links in load a web pages.
	3. HTTP is an application layer protocol.
	4. a common flow to way of HTTP, a claint make a request to a server, it sends a reply massege.

--------------
What is the HTTP/1.1?

	the first using of HTTP was created in 1997. this type of HTTP users facing a many more struggling. the first 
version of HTTP is HTTP/1.1 and this version currently using.

--------------
What is the HTTP/2?
	
	A new HTTP version called HTTP/2 was created in 2015. HTTP/2 solves several problems that the creators of HTTP/1.1 
did not anticipate. In particular, HTTP/2 is much faster and more efficient than HTTP/1.1. One of the ways in which HTTP/2 
is faster is in how it prioritizes content during the loading process.

--------------	
what is the objects and its internal representation?

	objects is a main role in types of javascript. Objects are different types primitive datatypes for example (i.e. number, string, 
boolean, etc.). A primitive data types have a old value, but objects form of Key value pair,it can hold multiple format of the values. 
this keys can be variables or function there was called as properties and methods of objects.

--------------	
IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address :

1. what is the IP address?

	the ip address is four different types of numbes in separated by a period.like this: 192.168. 1.50 numbers have a unique ip 
address and before can connect the internet, each an IP packet must also have an address before it can be sent to another computer.

--------------
2. what is the port?

	A particular application or service on a system in Port numbers identify, a ip address identifies is network inside of the network
of the mschine system, while port numbers identify particular applications or services on a system.

--------------
3. what is the HTTP?

	* Hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP) is the foundation of the world wide web.
	* It's used Hypertext transfer links in load a web pages.
	* HTTP is an application layer protocol.
	* a common flow to way of HTTP, a claint make a request to a server, it sends a reply massege.

---------------	
types of HTTP Methods :

	GET
	POST
	PUT
	HEAD
	DELETE
	PATCH
	OPTIONS
	CONNECT
	TRACE
	
	maximum using get and post methods

----------------
3. MAC address (media access control)?
	
	A 12-digit hexadecimal number assigned to each device connected to the network. Primarily specified as a unique identifier during
device manufacturing, the MAC address is often found on a device's network interface card (NIC). A MAC address is required when trying to 
locate a device or when performing diagnostics on a network device.

	The MAC address belongs to the data link layer of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model, To ensure node-to-node
communication, the source header of the frame data and the destination MAC address are appended.
	
	each Network Interruptions  device is assigned a unique mac address, to have more than one MAC address for a device, for example 
If the laptop has both an Ethernet cable port and built-in Wi-Fi, Two MAC addresses are displayed in the system configuration.
	

	
